frontend-app/README.md, before:

# 🎨 Frontend Application Workspace

**Modern React-based user interface for Upwood's Concordium RWA platform, built with Vite and TypeScript for forest project investment and carbon credit trading.**

## 🌟 Overview

This workspace contains the main user-facing application built with React 18, TypeScript, and Vite. The application provides an intuitive interface for investors to browse forest projects, manage portfolios, trade carbon credits, and interact with Concordium blockchain wallets.

## 🏗️ Directory Structure

```
frontend-app/
├── dist/                         # Built application files
├── public/                       # Static assets
├── src/                         # Source code
│   ├── adminSection/           # Administrative interfaces
│   ├── apiClient/             # Generated API client from backend
│   ├── assets/               # Application assets (images, fonts)
│   ├── components/           # Reusable UI components
│   ├── contractClients/      # Concordium contract interaction clients
│   ├── lib/                  # Utility libraries and helpers
│   ├── pages/               # Page components and routing
│   ├── styles/              # Global styles and themes
│   ├── theme/               # UI theme configuration
│   ├── types/               # TypeScript type definitions
│   ├── App.tsx             # Main application component
│   ├── index.css           # Global styles
│   └── main.tsx            # Application entry point
├── index.html               # HTML template
├── tailwind.config.js       # Tailwind CSS configuration
├── tsconfig.json           # TypeScript configuration
├── vite.config.ts          # Vite build configuration
└── package.json            # Dependencies and scripts
```

## 🚀 Development Environment Setup

### Using VS Code Dev Containers

1. **Open VS Code in repository root**

   ```bash
   cd /path/to/concordium-rwa
   code .
   ```

2. **Open in Dev Container**
   - Press `F1` or `Ctrl+Shift+P`
   - Type: `Dev Containers: Reopen in Container`
   - Select: **frontend-app**

3. **Container Setup**
   - The container automatically installs Node.js and dependencies
   - Vite development server will be available on port 5173
   - Terminal shows available yarn scripts upon completion

## 🛠️ Available Scripts

All scripts are defined in `package.json` and can be run with `yarn <script>`:

### Development

```bash
yarn dev        # Start development server with hot reload (vite --host)
yarn preview    # Preview production build locally
```

### Building

```bash
yarn build      # Build for production (tsc -b && vite build)
```

### Code Quality

```bash
yarn lint       # Run ESLint checks
yarn lint:fix   # Run ESLint and fix auto-fixable issues
yarn format     # Format code with Prettier
```

## 🏢 Technical Architecture

### Frontend Stack

- **React 18** - Modern React with concurrent features
- **TypeScript** - Type-safe development
- **Vite** - Fast build tool and development server
- **Tailwind CSS** - Utility-first CSS framework

### Key Libraries

- **@concordium/browser-wallet-api-helpers** - Concordium wallet integration
- **@concordium/web-sdk** - Concordium blockchain interactions
- **react-router** - Client-side routing
- **react-hook-form** - Form management and validation
- **chart.js & react-chartjs-2** - Data visualization
- **@mui/x-date-pickers** - Date and time selection components
- **amazon-cognito-identity-js** - Authentication with AWS Cognito

### Development Tools

- **ESLint** - Code linting and style enforcement
- **Prettier** - Code formatting
- **TypeScript** - Static type checking

## 🔄 API Integration

The frontend consumes APIs from the backend workspace:

### Auto-generated API Client

```typescript
// Generated by backend workspace script
import { ApiClient } from './apiClient';

const client = new ApiClient({
  baseUrl: process.env.VITE_API_BASE_URL
});
```

### Concordium Contract Clients

```typescript
// Contract interaction clients in contractClients/
import { ForestProjectClient } from './contractClients';

const forestClient = new ForestProjectClient(wallet, contractAddress);
```

## 🌐 Environment Configuration

### Environment Variables

```bash
# .env.local or .env.development
VITE_API_BASE_URL=http://localhost:3000
VITE_CONCORDIUM_NODE_URL=https://grpc.testnet.concordium.com:20000
VITE_NETWORK=testnet
VITE_COGNITO_USER_POOL_ID=your_user_pool_id
VITE_COGNITO_CLIENT_ID=your_client_id
```

### Build Configuration

The application is configured for:

- **Development**: Hot module replacement, source maps, fast builds
- **Production**: Optimized bundles, tree shaking, code splitting

---

**🌱 Building sustainable investment interfaces for forest project management and environmental impact.**

Commit message:

feat: Replace dev containers with unified Docker Compose development setup
- Remove all .devcontainer configurations and switch to single Docker Compose
- Add docker-compose.yml with postgres, backend-api, backend-listener, and frontend-app services
- Update backend.Dockerfile to include libpq-dev for Diesel PostgreSQL support
- Add .env.example and .secure.env.sample templates for local development
- Update all WARP.md and README.md files to reflect new Docker Compose workflow
- Fix backend binaries to load local .env files for debugging without containers
- Add default values to clap args in listener_server for local development
- Generate fresh OpenAPI specs for frontend TypeScript client
- Enable direct AWS service usage via mounted ~/.aws credentials (no mocks)
- Expose Postgres on host port 5432 for local tooling access
- Add backend-jobs service stub for future job processing functionality

This change simplifies the development experience by using a single Docker Compose
setup instead of multiple isolated VS Code dev containers while maintaining
full compatibility with AWS Fargate deployment.

frontend-app/README.md, after:

# 🎨 Frontend Application Workspace

**Modern React-based user interface for Upwood's Concordium RWA platform, built with Vite and TypeScript for forest project investment and carbon credit trading.**

## 🌟 Overview

This workspace contains the main user-facing application built with React 18, TypeScript, and Vite. The application provides an intuitive interface for investors to browse forest projects, manage portfolios, trade carbon credits, and interact with Concordium blockchain wallets.

## 🏗️ Directory Structure

```
frontend-app/
├── dist/                         # Built application files
├── public/                       # Static assets
├── src/                         # Source code
│   ├── adminSection/           # Administrative interfaces
│   ├── apiClient/             # Generated API client from backend
│   ├── assets/               # Application assets (images, fonts)
│   ├── components/           # Reusable UI components
│   ├── contractClients/      # Concordium contract interaction clients
│   ├── lib/                  # Utility libraries and helpers
│   ├── pages/               # Page components and routing
│   ├── styles/              # Global styles and themes
│   ├── theme/               # UI theme configuration
│   ├── types/               # TypeScript type definitions
│   ├── App.tsx             # Main application component
│   ├── index.css           # Global styles
│   └── main.tsx            # Application entry point
├── index.html               # HTML template
├── tailwind.config.js       # Tailwind CSS configuration
├── tsconfig.json           # TypeScript configuration
├── vite.config.ts          # Vite build configuration
└── package.json            # Dependencies and scripts
```

## 🚀 Development Environment Setup

### Run with Docker Compose or on host

- Compose (from repo root):
  ```bash
  docker compose up --build frontend-app
  # App at http://localhost:5173
  ```
- Host (in frontend-app/):
  ```bash
  corepack enable && yarn install
  yarn dev --host # http://localhost:5173
  ```

## 🛠️ Available Scripts

All scripts are defined in `package.json` and can be run with `yarn <script>`:

### Development

```bash
yarn dev        # Start development server with hot reload (vite --host)
yarn preview    # Preview production build locally
```

### Building

```bash
yarn build      # Build for production (tsc -b && vite build)
```

### Code Quality

```bash
yarn lint       # Run ESLint checks
yarn lint:fix   # Run ESLint and fix auto-fixable issues
yarn format     # Format code with Prettier
```

## 🏢 Technical Architecture

### Frontend Stack

- **React 18** - Modern React with concurrent features
- **TypeScript** - Type-safe development
- **Vite** - Fast build tool and development server
- **Tailwind CSS** - Utility-first CSS framework

### Key Libraries

- **@concordium/browser-wallet-api-helpers** - Concordium wallet integration
- **@concordium/web-sdk** - Concordium blockchain interactions
- **react-router** - Client-side routing
- **react-hook-form** - Form management and validation
- **chart.js & react-chartjs-2** - Data visualization
- **@mui/x-date-pickers** - Date and time selection components
- **amazon-cognito-identity-js** - Authentication with AWS Cognito

### Development Tools

- **ESLint** - Code linting and style enforcement
- **Prettier** - Code formatting
- **TypeScript** - Static type checking

## 🔄 API Integration

The frontend consumes APIs from the backend workspace:

### Auto-generated API Client

```typescript
// Generated by backend workspace script
import { ApiClient } from './apiClient';

const client = new ApiClient({
  baseUrl: process.env.VITE_API_BASE_URL
});
```

### Concordium Contract Clients

```typescript
// Contract interaction clients in contractClients/
import { ForestProjectClient } from './contractClients';

const forestClient = new ForestProjectClient(wallet, contractAddress);
```

## 🌐 Environment Configuration

### Environment Variables

```bash
# .env.local or .env.development
VITE_API_BASE_URL=http://localhost:3000
VITE_CONCORDIUM_NODE_URL=https://grpc.testnet.concordium.com:20000
VITE_NETWORK=testnet
VITE_COGNITO_USER_POOL_ID=your_user_pool_id
VITE_COGNITO_CLIENT_ID=your_client_id
```

### Build Configuration

The application is configured for:

- **Development**: Hot module replacement, source maps, fast builds
- **Production**: Optimized bundles, tree shaking, code splitting

---

**🌱 Building sustainable investment interfaces for forest project management and environmental impact.**
